+++
date = "2016-02-13T13:39:11Z"
title = "terms"
url = "terms"

+++


# Moverve Limited - Terms of Service

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Reconcilable.com website and all content, services and products available at or through the website, including, but not limited to, ReconSilo. The Website is owned and operated by Moverve Limited (“Moverve”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Moverve’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Moverve (collectively, the “Agreement”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Moverve, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

1. Your Reconcilable.com Account. If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account. You must immediately notify Moverve of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Moverve will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
2. Payment and Renewal. General Terms. 
 By using Moverve's products or services you agree to pay Moverve the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that product or service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for a service and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Service fees are not refundable.
Automatic Renewal. 
 Unless you notify Moverve before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel a Service, your Service subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Service (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Services can be canceled at any time in the Account section of the Website.

3. Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Reconcilable.com links, and that link to Reconcilable.com. Moverve does not have any control over those non-Reconcilable websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Reconcilable website or webpage, Moverve does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Moverve disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Reconcilable websites and webpages.
4. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As Moverve asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by WordPress.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Moverve in accordance with Moverve’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. Moverve will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Moverve will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Moverve or others. In the case of such termination, Moverve will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Moverve.
5. Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Moverve to you any Moverve or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Moverve. Moverve, ReconSilo, Reconcilable, Reconcilable.com, the ReconSilo logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Reconcilable.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Moverve or Moverve’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Moverve or third-party trademarks.
6. Changes. Moverve reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Moverve may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
7. Termination. Moverve may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Reconcilable.com account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website, ReconSilo and Reconcilable are provided “as is”. Moverve and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Moverve nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website or services or software will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
9. Limitation of Liability. In no event will Moverve, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Moverve under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Moverve shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
10. General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website, Services and Products will be in strict accordance with the Moverve Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website, Services or Products will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
11. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Moverve, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, Services and Products, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
12. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Moverve and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Moverve, or by the posting by Moverve of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website, Services or Products will be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the courts located in the United Kingdom. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled under direction of the United Kingdom court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and lawyers’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Moverve may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
